There were also significant
software-related innovations and
developments on AT&T's dime.
The C programming language is
one of the most popular for
embedded and scientific programming.
And in fact,
one of the most popular operating systems,
Unix, was actually written in C.
It's very hard to imagine fair embedded
computing would be without tools like,
Unix and C, and here you have Ken Thompson
and Dennis Ritchie at the White House
for their contributions to Unix and C.
The Unix Operating system it's
essentially multitasking and
multiuser operating system that is
well suited for real time computation.
That's why it's so useful for embedded
processors like the one that
we are going to be using.
And of course the Linux operating
system is derived from Unix and
and from which the Android,
the mobile operating system, is developed.
Similarly OS X is based on Unix and
from that you have IOS that runs
on tablets and smart phones.